docs/access-demos/diy/diy-dynamic-frontend.md, before:

# DIY dynamic frontend

This prototype can be used to only test and demo a functional frontend or do decouple frontend and backend development until it can be merged at a later point in time. 

{% hint style="info" %}
Dynamic frontend implemented via RPC Layer concept that is based on the Facade Pattern. In short, we are using it as a configurable API layer. It allows us granular control over our API call method endpoints from one location, which is good for demonstrating connectivity between different interchangeable Building Blocks. In addition, the RPC layer can also be configured for different providers, such as MockProvider, APIProvider, LocalStorageProvider, etc.
{% endhint %}

## Dynamic frontend example implementation

TODO: @Valentin

### Bulidng Permit use case

TODO: @Valentin

### Bulidng Permit use case guidelines 

TODO: @Valentin

## Dynamic frontend storage application implementation

TODO: @Vladislav

### RPC backend storage application

TODO: @Vladislav

### RPC backend storage application guidelines

TODO: @Vladislav

Commit message:

SND-656: RPC BE initial documentation

docs/access-demos/diy/diy-dynamic-frontend.md, after:

# DIY dynamic frontend

This prototype can be used to only test and demo a functional frontend or do decouple frontend and backend development until it can be merged at a later point in time. 

{% hint style="info" %}
Dynamic frontend implemented via RPC Layer concept that is based on the Facade Pattern. In short, we are using it as a configurable API layer. It allows us granular control over our API call method endpoints from one location, which is good for demonstrating connectivity between different interchangeable Construction Blocks. In addition, the RPC layer can also be configured for different providers, such as MockProvider, APIProvider, LocalStorageProvider, etc.
{% endhint %}

## Dynamic frontend example implementation

TODO: @Valentin

### Bulidng Permit use case

TODO: @Valentin

### Bulidng Permit use case guidelines 

TODO: @Valentin

## Dynamic frontend storage application implementation

For efficient data storage supporting the seamless exchange of information with the RPC layer, the application 'rpc-backend' serves as an ideal backend solution. It facilitates the storage, retrieval, and utilization of data crucial for the RPC layer's operations used when creating Dynamic Frontend Application covering specific use-case.
### RPC backend storage application

{% hint style="info" %}The RPC Backend represents an advanced backend storage application tailored to securely manage user and tenant-specific key-value pairs. It offers a robust framework for storing and organizing data.{% endhint %}

For example in Construction permit use case:

| Item   | Value             | Default                                            |
|--------|-------------------|----------------------------------------------------|
| tenant | "building-permit" | any string                                         |
| user   | "user1"           | One of 10 default users or any new registered user |


Actual implementation can be found in the following [GovStack Git Repo](https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-app-rpc-backend)

Documentation can be found in [GovStack Git Repo](https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-app-rpc-backend/blob/main/docs/main.md)

### RPC backend storage application guidelines

There are multiple ways to run and use the rpc-backend storage app. The different ways and respective resources can be found in the table below:

| Case       | Description                                                                                                                       | Resource                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
|------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Local Run  | Run application locally, useful for development purposes. Should be run as Spring Boot app.                                       | [GovStack Git Repo](https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-app-rpc-backend)                                                                                                                                                                 |
| Docker     | Run application as docker container                                                                                               | [Instructions Docker](https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-app-rpc-backend/blob/main/docs/docker.md)                                                                                                                                      |
| Kubernetes | Run application in k8s cluster using [Helm Chart](https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-app-rpc-backend/tree/main/helm) | [Instructions Helm](https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-app-rpc-backend/blob/main/docs/helm-install.md) & [Instructions Kubernetes](https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-app-rpc-backend/blob/main/docs/kubernetes-access.md) |

All environment variable definitions can be found in [GovStack Git Repo](https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-app-rpc-backend/blob/main/docs/env-vars.md)

{% hint style="info" %}All available endpoints can be found in [Main Documentation](https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-app-rpc-backend/blob/main/docs/main.md) after accessing swagger UI and usage of endpoints is described in [API Usage (TBD)]().
{% endhint %}
