docs/access-demos/diy/README.md, before:

---
description: An overview on possible prototypes and reusable assets
---

# Do It Yourself

In this section, we offer you guidance and reusable assets to develop prototypes. As we developed different prototypes for different demo purposes, we do share our examples and code repositories. &#x20;

From prototype B onwards, the suggested setup is forward compatible.

<img src="../../.gitbook/assets/file.excalidraw (2).svg" alt="" class="gitbook-drawing">

## Prototype A: Wireframes

**Purpose:** Demonstrate and test user experience and user interfaces

**Example:** [Construction Permit Wireframes](../../follow-methodology/best-practice-example-design-of-the-sandbox-building-permit-use-case/phase-2-design.md)

**Reusable Assets:**

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden data-card-cover data-type="files"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Wireframe Kit</td><td>from UX/UI Group</td><td><mark style="background-color:orange;">To be added</mark></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/github-6980894_640.png">github-6980894_640.png</a></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

## Prototype B: Use Case (UC) Frontend

**Purpose**: Demonstrate and test user experience and user interfaces with limited business logic

**Example:** [USCT Simulation](https://www.govstack.global/our-offerings/govspecs/simulation/)

**Reusable Assets:**

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden data-card-cover data-type="files"></th><th data-hidden data-card-target data-type="content-ref"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Construction Permit Frontend</strong></td><td>GitHub Repository</td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/github-6980894_640.png">github-6980894_640.png</a></td><td><a href="https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-usecase-bp-frontend">https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-usecase-bp-frontend</a></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

## Prototype C: UC Frontend + RPC layer

**Purpose:** Demonstrate and test business logic with an optional switch to a Use Case Backend Application

**Example:** Construction Permit Use Case

**Reusable Assets:**

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden data-card-cover data-type="files"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Generic RPC Backend Application</td><td>GitHub Repository</td><td><mark style="background-color:orange;">To be Added</mark></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/github-6980894_640.png">github-6980894_640.png</a></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

## Prototype D: UC Frontend + UC Backend + BB Emulators

**Purpose:** Demonstrate and test Building Block architecture with lightweight Building Block Emulators

**Example:** [USCT DIY Version](usct-diy-version.md)

**Reusable Assets:**

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden data-card-cover data-type="files"></th><th data-hidden data-card-target data-type="content-ref"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>USCT DIY Developer Instructions</strong></td><td>GitHub Repository</td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/github-6980894_640.png">github-6980894_640.png</a></td><td><a href="https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-usecase-usct-backend/blob/main/docs/diy.md">https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-usecase-usct-backend/blob/main/docs/diy.md</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>BB Payment Emulator</strong></td><td>GitHub Repository</td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/github-6980894_640.png">github-6980894_640.png</a></td><td><a href="https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-bb-payments/blob/main/emulator/docs/1-main.md">https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-bb-payments/blob/main/emulator/docs/1-main.md</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>USCT Backend Application</strong></td><td>GitHub Repository</td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/github-6980894_640.png">github-6980894_640.png</a></td><td><a href="https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-usecase-usct-backend/blob/main/docs/main.md">https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-usecase-usct-backend/blob/main/docs/main.md</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>USCT Frontend Application</strong></td><td>GitHub Repository</td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/github-6980894_640.png">github-6980894_640.png</a></td><td><a href="https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-playground">https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-playground</a></td></tr></tbody></table>

## Prototype E: UC Frontend + UC Backend + Building Blocks

**Purpose:** Demonstrate and test a fully functional Building Block architecture with Building Blocks Software implementations

**Example:** [USCT Use Case Demo](../usct-use-case.md)

**Reusable Assets:**

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden data-card-cover data-type="files"></th><th data-hidden data-card-target data-type="content-ref"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>MOSIP Repository</strong></td><td>GovStack API Compliant version</td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/github-6980894_640.png">github-6980894_640.png</a></td><td><a href="https://github.com/tf-govstack">https://github.com/tf-govstack</a></td></tr><tr><td>Mifos Repository</td><td>GovStack API Compliant version</td><td><mark style="background-color:orange;">To be added</mark></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/github-6980894_640.png">github-6980894_640.png</a></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>X-Road Repository</td><td>GovStack API Compliant version</td><td><mark style="background-color:orange;">To be added</mark></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/github-6980894_640.png">github-6980894_640.png</a></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

## Infrastructure and DevOps

**Purpose**: Deploy, configure and operate all the above prototypes

**Example**: [DevOps](../../explore-stack/devops.md) and [Infrastructure](../../explore-stack/infrastructure.md)

**Reusable Assets:**

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden data-card-cover data-type="files"></th><th data-hidden data-card-target data-type="content-ref"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Sandbox Infrastructure</strong></td><td>GitHub Repository</td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/github-6980894_640.png">github-6980894_640.png</a></td><td><a href="https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-infra">https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-infra</a></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

Commit message:

Fix front page and DIY

docs/access-demos/diy/README.md, after:

---
description: An overview on possible prototypes and reusable assets
---

# Do It Yourself

In this section, we offer you guidance and reusable assets to develop prototypes. As we developed different prototypes for different demo purposes, we do share our examples and code repositories. You might also consider our [service design page](../../follow-methodology/best-practice-example-design-of-the-sandbox-building-permit-use-case/) to get a methodological best practices on designing a use case.

From prototype B onwards, the suggested setup is forward compatible.

<img src="../../.gitbook/assets/file.excalidraw (2).svg" alt="" class="gitbook-drawing">

## Prototype A: Wireframes

**Purpose:** Demonstrate and test user experience and user interfaces

**Example:** [Construction Permit Wireframes](../../follow-methodology/best-practice-example-design-of-the-sandbox-building-permit-use-case/phase-2-design.md)

**Reusable Assets:**

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden data-card-cover data-type="files"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Wireframe Kit</td><td>from UX/UI Group</td><td><mark style="background-color:orange;">To be added</mark></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/github-6980894_640.png">github-6980894_640.png</a></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

## Prototype B: Use Case (UC) Frontend

**Purpose**: Demonstrate and test user experience and user interfaces with limited business logic

**Example:** [USCT Simulation](https://www.govstack.global/our-offerings/govspecs/simulation/)

**Reusable Assets:**

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden data-card-cover data-type="files"></th><th data-hidden data-card-target data-type="content-ref"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Construction Permit Frontend</strong></td><td>GitHub Repository</td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/github-6980894_640.png">github-6980894_640.png</a></td><td><a href="https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-usecase-bp-frontend">https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-usecase-bp-frontend</a></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

## Prototype C: UC Frontend + RPC layer

**Purpose:** Demonstrate and test business logic with an optional switch to a Use Case Backend Application

**Example:** Construction Permit Use Case

**Reusable Assets:**

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden data-card-cover data-type="files"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Generic RPC Backend Application</td><td>GitHub Repository</td><td><mark style="background-color:orange;">To be Added</mark></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/github-6980894_640.png">github-6980894_640.png</a></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

## Prototype D: UC Frontend + UC Backend + BB Emulators

**Purpose:** Demonstrate and test Building Block architecture with lightweight Building Block Emulators

**Example:** [USCT DIY Version](usct-diy-version.md)

**Reusable Assets:**

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden data-card-cover data-type="files"></th><th data-hidden data-card-target data-type="content-ref"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>USCT DIY Developer Instructions</strong></td><td>GitHub Repository</td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/github-6980894_640.png">github-6980894_640.png</a></td><td><a href="https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-usecase-usct-backend/blob/main/docs/diy.md">https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-usecase-usct-backend/blob/main/docs/diy.md</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>BB Payment Emulator</strong></td><td>GitHub Repository</td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/github-6980894_640.png">github-6980894_640.png</a></td><td><a href="https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-bb-payments/blob/main/emulator/docs/1-main.md">https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-bb-payments/blob/main/emulator/docs/1-main.md</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>USCT Backend Application</strong></td><td>GitHub Repository</td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/github-6980894_640.png">github-6980894_640.png</a></td><td><a href="https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-usecase-usct-backend/blob/main/docs/main.md">https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-usecase-usct-backend/blob/main/docs/main.md</a></td></tr><tr><td><strong>USCT Frontend Application</strong></td><td>GitHub Repository</td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/github-6980894_640.png">github-6980894_640.png</a></td><td><a href="https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-playground">https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-playground</a></td></tr></tbody></table>

## Prototype E: UC Frontend + UC Backend + Building Blocks

**Purpose:** Demonstrate and test a fully functional Building Block architecture with Building Blocks Software implementations

**Example:** [USCT Use Case Demo](../usct-use-case.md)

**Reusable Assets:**

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden data-card-cover data-type="files"></th><th data-hidden data-card-target data-type="content-ref"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>MOSIP Repository</strong></td><td>GovStack API Compliant version</td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/github-6980894_640.png">github-6980894_640.png</a></td><td><a href="https://github.com/tf-govstack">https://github.com/tf-govstack</a></td></tr><tr><td>Mifos Repository</td><td>GovStack API Compliant version</td><td><mark style="background-color:orange;">To be added</mark></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/github-6980894_640.png">github-6980894_640.png</a></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>X-Road Repository</td><td>GovStack API Compliant version</td><td><mark style="background-color:orange;">To be added</mark></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/github-6980894_640.png">github-6980894_640.png</a></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

## Infrastructure and DevOps

**Purpose**: Deploy, configure and operate all the above prototypes

**Example**: [DevOps](../../explore-stack/devops.md) and [Infrastructure](../../explore-stack/infrastructure.md)

**Reusable Assets:**

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden data-card-cover data-type="files"></th><th data-hidden data-card-target data-type="content-ref"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Sandbox Infrastructure</strong></td><td>GitHub Repository</td><td></td><td><a href="../../.gitbook/assets/github-6980894_640.png">github-6980894_640.png</a></td><td><a href="https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-infra">https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-infra</a></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>
