spec/happy-flow.md, before:

# Minimum Viable Product (MVP) eg. Happy Flow

## Overview
Following page will cover USCT  (Unconditional Social Cash Transfer) minimum “Happy” flow and BB involvement in it. Minimum requirements from USCT MVP workflow perspective.

USCT description: [Digital Impact Exchange](https://solutions.dial.community/use_cases/unconditional_social_cash_transf) 


**MVP eg “Happy flow” will cover only very minimum part of USCT workflow and will use only some fragments from BB functionality, there will be no errors, corner cases and non-compliances.** 

## Civil servant
[Civil servant](terminology-abbreviations.md#civil-servant) will perform next steps:

![Happy-flow](.gitbook/assets/happy-flow.png)

<details>
<summary>Pre steps</summary>

1. CR and IFMS registries created using UNCTAD functionality (see [Registries](https://govstack-global.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DEMO/pages/179208267/Registries))
2. User for SRIS/BOMS (OpenIMIS) created using MOSIP functionality (see  [Identity and verification](https://govstack-global.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DEMO/pages/179896365/Identity+and+verification))

</details>

### Login to the SRIS
Implementation should use one-time auth call by email. As a response user will get a token.

Implementation has two options: 

#### MOSIP
User will be verified (see [Identity and verification](https://govstack-global.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DEMO/pages/179896365/Identity+and+verification) )

[Documentation](https://docs.mosip.io/1.2.0/).

#### Mock identity system
Lightweight alternative for MOSIP.

[Definition](https://github.com/mosip/esignet-mock-services/tree/master/mock-identity-system) 

[API example](./login/api.md)

### Register citizen to SRIS (OpenIMIS)
When entering citizens personal ID, citizens personal data will be pulled and personal data fields filled automatically with mocked data in CR Citizen Registry (UNCTAD) (see [Registration](https://govstack-global.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DEMO/pages/179601480/Registration) ) 

### Link/choose benefit program to citizen
list of mocked programs is provided (OpenIMIS) (see  [Registration](https://govstack-global.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DEMO/pages/179601480/Registration) )

It should come from https://oleksii-1.gitbook.io/open-imis/2-api#provide-benefit-program-details-product-details  Provide Benefit program details (Product details) endpoint in OpenIMIS

### Registration
Add additional benefit related information (payment due date, payment amount, account no …) to the BOMS form (OpenIMIS) (see  [Registration](https://govstack-global.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DEMO/pages/179601480/Registration) )

### Submit benefit package to the citizen
Payment request triggered from OpenIMIS, which is background functionality.

Fill registration [form](https://govstack.gitbook.io/bb-registration/v/registration-1.0/7-service-apis#8.1-online-registration-e-services).

[Submit registration form](https://oleksii-1.gitbook.io/open-imis/2-api#request-beneficiary-enrollment) to OpenIMIS




### Payment 
Check if the payment due date is reached, trigger the benefit payment to the citizen by MIFOS functionality - this is the backround functionality, the verification of banc account is triggered towards IFMS mocked database (see [Payments](https://govstack-global.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DEMO/pages/179568721/Payments) )

#### Beneficiary onboarding
[API specification](https://govstack.gitbook.io/bb-payments/v/payments-1.0/9-service-apis#8.2.1-beneficiary-onboarding-api)

```json

{
  "RequestID": "system data", // 1
  "SourceBBID": "system data", // 2
  "Beneficiaries": [
    {
      "PayeeFunctionalID": "string", //3
      "PaymentModality": "string", //4
      "FinancialAddress": "string" //5 
    }
  ]
}
```
1. Globally unique ID which is coming from [driver app](happy-flow.md#implementation).
2. ID which is coming from [Information Mediator](https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-bb-information-mediator) to identify the origination of the request.
3. ID of the beneficiary.
4. Type of payment e.g. (Bank account, Mobile money...)
5. Financial address of the recipient of the cash transfer.

#### Prepayment validation request

API = https://govstack.gitbook.io/bb-payments/v/payments-1.0/9-service-apis#8.2.2-pre-payment-validation-api

#### OpenIMIS will create payment order


### Notification
Payment completed sent to the BOMS and Citizen - backround functionality will be mocked


```mermaid
sequenceDiagram


User ->> ID: Login
ID ->> MOCK SRIS: 
participant im as IM
User ->> Registry: Fetch
participant im. as IM
User ->> Payment: Register beneficiary
MOCK SRIS ->> Payment: Validate
MOCK SRIS ->> Payment: Trigger payment
MOCK SRIS ->> User: Result

```

## Implementation
Driver application building block is responsible to implement happy flow functionality.
Backend will call in order next building blocks APIs:
1. ID/MOSIP (optional)
2. UNCTAD
3. OpenIMIS
4. Payment

Commit message:

Some initial thought about prerequisites for Happy flow

spec/happy-flow.md, after:

# Minimum Viable Product (MVP) eg. Happy Flow

## Overview
Following page will cover USCT  (Unconditional Social Cash Transfer) minimum “Happy” flow and BB involvement in it. Minimum requirements from USCT MVP workflow perspective.

USCT description: [Digital Impact Exchange](https://solutions.dial.community/use_cases/unconditional_social_cash_transf) 


## Prerequisite for the  Happy Flow

>Created registries & data in it:
>   * Civil Registry (created by Registry BB - Unctad)
>   * Social registry (for benefit program enrollment)
>     * Created social program + criteria for enrollment
>     * Created application for applying under USCT 
>   * Created Civil servant -user with credentials (ID-BB Mock application)
>   * Configured infrastructure (cloud + network +tokens installed+ services available+ BB-s configured)
>   * ...
>   * 

**MVP eg “Happy flow” will cover only very minimum part of USCT workflow and will use only some fragments from BB functionality, there will be no errors, corner cases and non-compliances.** 

## Civil servant
[Civil servant](terminology-abbreviations.md#civil-servant) will perform next steps:

![Happy-flow](.gitbook/assets/happy-flow.png)

<details>
<summary>Pre steps</summary>

1. CR and IFMS registries created using UNCTAD functionality (see [Registries](https://govstack-global.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DEMO/pages/179208267/Registries))
2. User for SRIS/BOMS (OpenIMIS) created using MOSIP functionality (see  [Identity and verification](https://govstack-global.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DEMO/pages/179896365/Identity+and+verification))

</details>

### Login to the SRIS
Implementation should use one-time auth call by email. As a response user will get a token.

Implementation has two options: 

#### MOSIP
User will be verified (see [Identity and verification](https://govstack-global.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DEMO/pages/179896365/Identity+and+verification) )

[Documentation](https://docs.mosip.io/1.2.0/).

#### Mock identity system
Lightweight alternative for MOSIP.

[Definition](https://github.com/mosip/esignet-mock-services/tree/master/mock-identity-system) 

[API example](./login/api.md)

### Register citizen to SRIS (OpenIMIS)
When entering citizens personal ID, citizens personal data will be pulled and personal data fields filled automatically with mocked data in CR Citizen Registry (UNCTAD) (see [Registration](https://govstack-global.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DEMO/pages/179601480/Registration) ) 

### Link/choose benefit program to citizen
list of mocked programs is provided (OpenIMIS) (see  [Registration](https://govstack-global.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DEMO/pages/179601480/Registration) )

It should come from https://oleksii-1.gitbook.io/open-imis/2-api#provide-benefit-program-details-product-details  Provide Benefit program details (Product details) endpoint in OpenIMIS

### Registration
Add additional benefit related information (payment due date, payment amount, account no …) to the BOMS form (OpenIMIS) (see  [Registration](https://govstack-global.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DEMO/pages/179601480/Registration) )
It will be performed through Sandbox provided UI

### Submit benefit package to the citizen
Payment request triggered from OpenIMIS, which is background functionality.

Fill registration [form](https://govstack.gitbook.io/bb-registration/v/registration-1.0/7-service-apis#8.1-online-registration-e-services).

[Submit registration form](https://oleksii-1.gitbook.io/open-imis/2-api#request-beneficiary-enrollment) to OpenIMIS




### Payment 
Check if the payment due date is reached, trigger the benefit payment to the citizen by MIFOS functionality - this is the backround functionality, the verification of banc account is triggered towards IFMS mocked database (see [Payments](https://govstack-global.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DEMO/pages/179568721/Payments) )

#### Beneficiary onboarding
[API specification](https://govstack.gitbook.io/bb-payments/v/payments-1.0/9-service-apis#8.2.1-beneficiary-onboarding-api)

```json

{
  "RequestID": "system data", // 1
  "SourceBBID": "system data", // 2
  "Beneficiaries": [
    {
      "PayeeFunctionalID": "string", //3
      "PaymentModality": "string", //4
      "FinancialAddress": "string" //5 
    }
  ]
}
```
1. Globally unique ID which is coming from [driver app](happy-flow.md#implementation).
2. ID which is coming from [Information Mediator](https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-bb-information-mediator) to identify the origination of the request.
3. ID of the beneficiary.
4. Type of payment e.g. (Bank account, Mobile money...)
5. Financial address of the recipient of the cash transfer.

#### Prepayment validation request

API = https://govstack.gitbook.io/bb-payments/v/payments-1.0/9-service-apis#8.2.2-pre-payment-validation-api

#### OpenIMIS will create payment order


### Notification
Payment completed sent to the BOMS and Citizen - backround functionality will be mocked


```mermaid
sequenceDiagram


User ->> ID: Login
ID ->> MOCK SRIS: 
participant im as IM
User ->> Registry: Fetch
participant im. as IM
User ->> Payment: Register beneficiary
MOCK SRIS ->> Payment: Validate
MOCK SRIS ->> Payment: Trigger payment
MOCK SRIS ->> User: Result

```

## Implementation
Driver application building block is responsible to implement happy flow functionality.
Backend will call in order next building blocks APIs:
1. ID/MOSIP (optional)
2. UNCTAD
3. OpenIMIS
4. Payment
