spec/terminology-abbreviations.md, before:

# Terminology / Abbreviations

## GovStack Instance
A set of applications that implement the building block specifications, including necessary configuration and data, deployed in the Sandbox execution environment. Always includes the Information Mediator building block. See also [Architecture](https://govstack-global.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DEMO/pages/96206852/Architecture)

## DG / SDGs
Sustainable Development Goals. The Sustainable Development Goals are a universal call to action to end poverty, protect the planet and improve the lives and prospects of everyone, everywhere. [Digital Impact Exchange](https://exchange.dial.global/sdgs).

## USCT simulation
Superficial demonstration of the eligibility, enrolment and payment phases of a generalized USCT use case. The purpose of this demonstration is to explain the principles and theoretical foundations of GovStack using a practical example from the perspective of a citizen and a government servant. 

## GovStack Sandbox

```A sandbox is a testing environment that isolates untested code changes and outright experimentation from the production environment or repository, in the context of software development including Web development, Automation and revision control. The isolation metaphor is taken from the idea of children who do not play well together, so each is given their own sandbox to play in alone. )```
From [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sandbox_(software_development)) 

The Sandbox contributes to the GovStack vision in providing a demonstration environment to learn and a technical environment to test “more effective and cost-efficient digital government services”.

The initial goal of the GovStack Sandbox is to provide an openly accessible and reproducible development environment, including the underlying documentation.

## Happy flow

[Definition](happy-flow.md#overview)

## SRIS 
Sandbox application to orchestrate MVP flow

## Open Sandbox
A vision of a publicly available instance of the Govstack Sandbox, enhanced and wrapped into a portal-like environment. It additionally is planned to serve as a marketing tool for country engagement activities.

## Portal 
The Sandbox portal is the main end-user facing component and implements the necessary functionality for interacting with the GovStack instances. For example, the portal exposes functionality for:

* Viewing the various documentation about the Sandbox and building blocks.
* Selecting and clicking through an use case and seeing how various building blocks interact (using a pre-deployed GovStack instance to minimize any setup time)
* Deploying a GovStack instances with a specific configuration (building blocks and compliant applications) and executing use cases against the custom configuration.

## Civil servant
A civil servant is an individual who works for the government and performs various administrative, executive, or professional roles in public service. They are employed in government departments, agencies, and other public sector organizations. Civil servants are responsible for implementing government policies, providing public services, and assisting in the governance of a country or region.

## Foundational ID system

[Definition](https://docs.mosip.io/1.2.0/overview#what-is-a-foundational-id-system).

Commit message:

Sync with main happy-flow branch

spec/terminology-abbreviations.md, after:

# Terminology / Abbreviations

## GovStack Instance
A set of applications that implement the building block specifications, including necessary configuration and data, deployed in the Sandbox execution environment. Always includes the Information Mediator building block. See also [Architecture](https://govstack-global.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DEMO/pages/96206852/Architecture)

## DG / SDGs
Sustainable Development Goals. The Sustainable Development Goals are a universal call to action to end poverty, protect the planet and improve the lives and prospects of everyone, everywhere. [Digital Impact Exchange](https://exchange.dial.global/sdgs).

## USCT simulation
Superficial demonstration of the eligibility, enrolment and payment phases of a generalized USCT use case. The purpose of this demonstration is to explain the principles and theoretical foundations of GovStack using a practical example from the perspective of a citizen and a government servant. 

## GovStack Sandbox

```A sandbox is a testing environment that isolates untested code changes and outright experimentation from the production environment or repository, in the context of software development including Web development, Automation and revision control. The isolation metaphor is taken from the idea of children who do not play well together, so each is given their own sandbox to play in alone. )```
From [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sandbox_(software_development)) 

The Sandbox contributes to the GovStack vision in providing a demonstration environment to learn and a technical environment to test “more effective and cost-efficient digital government services”.

The initial goal of the GovStack Sandbox is to provide an openly accessible and reproducible development environment, including the underlying documentation.

## Happy flow

[Definition](happy-flow/main.md#overview)

## SRIS 
Sandbox application to orchestrate MVP flow

## USCT MVP
The USCT MVP is built based upon the technical sandbox and the USCT simulation. It’s intended to enable a vertical penetration of GovStack based on an idealised journey of the use case "Unconditional Social Cash Transfer" in order to make a common exemplary journey accessible to all teams and groups. With the help of this, they can further develop and test their individual developments and concepts. It is additionally serving as a technical proof of concept and example implementation for the GovStack community.

## Open Sandbox
A vision of a publicly available instance of the Govstack Sandbox, enhanced and wrapped into a portal-like environment. It additionally is planned to serve as a marketing tool for country engagement activities.

## Portal 
The Sandbox portal is the main end-user facing component and implements the necessary functionality for interacting with the GovStack instances. For example, the portal exposes functionality for:

* Viewing the various documentation about the Sandbox and building blocks.
* Selecting and clicking through an use case and seeing how various building blocks interact (using a pre-deployed GovStack instance to minimize any setup time)
* Deploying a GovStack instances with a specific configuration (building blocks and compliant applications) and executing use cases against the custom configuration.

## Civil servant
A civil servant is an individual who works for the government and performs various administrative, executive, or professional roles in public service. They are employed in government departments, agencies, and other public sector organizations. Civil servants are responsible for implementing government policies, providing public services, and assisting in the governance of a country or region.

## Foundational ID system
[Definition](https://docs.mosip.io/1.2.0/overview#what-is-a-foundational-id-system).
