docs/explore-stack/infrastructure.md, before:

# Infrastructure

The Sandbox Infrastructure provides the foundation of the Sandbox — an environment for deploying and running compatible
building block implementations.

![Sandbox infrastructure diagram](assets/sandbox-infrastructure-2.drawio.png)

The main reason for using Kubernetes is to have a useful abstraction of networking and compute resources to build upon,
so that compatible building block applications can remain portable (see also the [DevOps chapter](devops.md)). In some
sense, the Sandbox Kubernetes cluster simulates a "miniature Internet": Pods are hosts, services running on the "hosts"
have names (leveraging the cluster-internal DNS service) and communicate using the same protocols as in the Internet. 

Naturally the abstraction is leaky, and it is good to keep in mind that in a real-world implementation the building
block applications would be separated and isolated into different environments, which might not even be a Kubernetes
cluster. However, a goal of the Sandbox is to make it reasonably easy an efficient to deploy a set of building blocks
and start exploring and developing. It focuses on the building blocks and does not try to be a full production
environment.

The reference implementation leverages AWS Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS). More information about the implementation,
which uses Terraform and Terragrunt to automate the setup, is available in [the Sandbox infrastructure
repository](https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-infra).

Commit message:

General revision of demo and stack pages

docs/explore-stack/infrastructure.md, after:

# Infrastructure

The infrastructure component has the purpose to... It is designed in a way to lower the dependency on specific cloud providers. Scalable? Easy manageable?

Comment: Are all relevant information from these pages on github? [https://govstack-global.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DEMO/pages/278396929/Infrastructure](https://govstack-global.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DEMO/pages/278396929/Infrastructure)

## What do we use to <mark style="color:blue;">build</mark> it?

<table><thead><tr><th width="201">Name</th><th>Purpose</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Terraform</td><td>Infrastracture-as-code tool</td></tr><tr><td>Terragrunt</td><td>Terraform Wrapper</td></tr><tr><td>AWS EKS</td><td>Managed Kubernetes Service</td></tr><tr><td>AWS ECR</td><td>Container Registry Service</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Where do we <mark style="color:blue;">demo</mark> it?

In all use case demos (except the DIY-Version), the same build is being used.

<table><thead><tr><th width="498">Github Repository</th><th>Used in...</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><a href="https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-infra">Sandbox Infrastructure</a></td><td><a href="../access-demos/usct-use-case.md">USCT Use Case Demo</a></td></tr></tbody></table>

## Which <mark style="color:blue;">decisions</mark> do we follow?

The Sandbox Infrastructure provides the foundation of the Sandbox — an environment for deploying and running compatible building block implementations.

![Sandbox infrastructure diagram](assets/sandbox-infrastructure-2.drawio.png)

The main reason for using Kubernetes is to have a useful abstraction of networking and compute resources to build upon, so that compatible building block applications can remain portable (see also the [DevOps chapter](devops.md)). In some sense, the Sandbox Kubernetes cluster simulates a "miniature Internet": Pods are hosts, services running on the "hosts" have names (leveraging the cluster-internal DNS service) and communicate using the same protocols as in the Internet.

Naturally the abstraction is leaky, and it is good to keep in mind that in a real-world implementation the building block applications would be separated and isolated into different environments, which might not even be a Kubernetes cluster. However, a goal of the Sandbox is to make it reasonably easy an efficient to deploy a set of building blocks and start exploring and developing. It focuses on the building blocks and does not try to be a full production environment.

The reference implementation leverages AWS Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS). More information about the implementation, which uses Terraform and Terragrunt to automate the setup, is available in [the Sandbox infrastructure repository](https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-infra).

## Further documentation

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden data-card-cover data-type="files"></th><th data-hidden data-card-target data-type="content-ref"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Infrastructure Repository</strong></td><td>Documentation of the sandbox infrastructure component</td><td></td><td><a href="../.gitbook/assets/github-6980894_640.png">github-6980894_640.png</a></td><td><a href="https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-infra/blob/main/docs/1-main.md">https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-infra/blob/main/docs/1-main.md</a></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>
