docs/explore-stack/use-case-backend.md, before:

# Use Case Backend

Within the core GovStack Initiative, "reference use cases" are used to provide context and and showcase the specific application of the various GovStack Building Blocks. These use cases are considered to be part of GovStack and are versioned and released alongside the Building Block Specifications when a given GovStack release occurs.

[Govstack Use Case Documentation](https://govstack.gitbook.io/use-cases/)

## Unconditional Social Cash Transfer

This use case profiles specifically the digital integration steps within the delivery journey of a generalized unconditional social cash transfer service. Unconditional cash transfers are cash payments provided to financially disadvantaged or vulnerable people or households without requiring anything in return (i.e. without conditionality).

[Live demo](https://usct.dev.sandbox-playground.com/driver-poc/)

More details in the [repository](https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-usecase-usct-backend/blob/main/docs/main.md).

Commit message:

General revision of demo and stack pages

docs/explore-stack/use-case-backend.md, after:

# Use Case Backend

The Use Case Backend is an application which follows the business logic and orchestrates the API calls... [vasil.kolev](http://127.0.0.1:5000/u/Hr22V5ZBiTRTprDdc58iaF798OC3 "mention")[Oleksii Danyliuk](http://127.0.0.1:5000/u/dVcx9ZRsQlQpFcAczNRk5jTaVb72 "mention")

## What do we use to <mark style="color:blue;">build</mark> it?

<table><thead><tr><th width="226">Name</th><th>Purpose</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Spring Boot</td><td>Main framework</td></tr><tr><td>Spring Security</td><td>Access-control framework</td></tr><tr><td>H2</td><td>Embedded in-memory databases</td></tr></tbody></table>

Full list of assets located in the [build.gradle](https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-usecase-usct-backend/blob/main/build.gradle) file.

## Where do we <mark style="color:blue;">demo</mark> it?

<table><thead><tr><th width="504">GitHub Repository</th><th>Used in...</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><a href="https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-usecase-usct-backend/tree/main/src/main/java/global/govstack/mocksris">USCT Backend Application</a></td><td><a href="../access-demos/usct-use-case.md">USCT Use Case Demo</a></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

## Which <mark style="color:blue;">decisions</mark> do we follow?



## Further documentation

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden data-card-cover data-type="files"></th><th data-hidden data-card-target data-type="content-ref"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>USCT Backend Repository</strong></td><td>Documentation of backend application</td><td></td><td><a href="../.gitbook/assets/github-6980894_640.png">github-6980894_640.png</a></td><td><a href="https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-usecase-usct-backend/blob/main/docs/main.md">https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-usecase-usct-backend/blob/main/docs/main.md</a></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>
