docs/demo.md, before:

# Access public demo Sandbox

## Unconditional social cash transfer
This use case profiles specifically the digital integration steps within the delivery journey of a generalized unconditional social cash transfer service. Unconditional cash transfers are cash payments provided to financially disadvantaged or vulnerable people or households without requiring anything in return (i.e. without conditionality).

A live demo is available [here](https://usct.dev.sandbox-playground.com/driver-poc/).

Implementation and more details in the [Mock-SRIS repository](https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-portal-backend/blob/main/docs/main.md).

## Building Permits
This use case profiles the implementation process of a construction permit. A service that automates the entire construction permit approval process - from enabling online application submissions of building construction plans, to initiating verification and final approval by the local government authorities.

For more information, see [product-use-cases repository](https://govstack.gitbook.io/use-cases/readme/inf-1-construction-permit).

{% hint style="warning" %}
This use case demo is under development and expected to be released in Q4/2023.
{% endhint %}

{% embed url="https://www.figma.com/file/dVDSKvR2RY99w1zhRZbnSI/Analyses---Construction-Permit-Service?type=design&node-id=578%3A330&mode=design&t=EBRbAF4mCmNfSl3m-1" %}

## High school certificates
{% hint style="warning" %}
This use case demo is under development and expected to be released in Q1/2024.
{% endhint %}

Commit message:

Not production ready demo note.

docs/demo.md, after:

# Access public demo Sandbox

## Unconditional social cash transfer
This use case profiles specifically the digital integration steps within the delivery journey of a generalized unconditional social cash transfer service. Unconditional cash transfers are cash payments provided to financially disadvantaged or vulnerable people or households without requiring anything in return (i.e. without conditionality).

{% hint style="warning" %}
Not production ready live demo is available [here](https://usct.dev.sandbox-playground.com/driver-poc/).
{% endhint %}

Implementation and more details in the [Mock-SRIS repository](https://github.com/GovStackWorkingGroup/sandbox-portal-backend/blob/main/docs/main.md).

## Building Permits
This use case profiles the implementation process of a construction permit. A service that automates the entire construction permit approval process - from enabling online application submissions of building construction plans, to initiating verification and final approval by the local government authorities.

For more information, see [product-use-cases repository](https://govstack.gitbook.io/use-cases/readme/inf-1-construction-permit).

{% hint style="warning" %}
This use case demo is under development and expected to be released in Q4/2023.
{% endhint %}

{% embed url="https://www.figma.com/file/dVDSKvR2RY99w1zhRZbnSI/Analyses---Construction-Permit-Service?type=design&node-id=578%3A330&mode=design&t=EBRbAF4mCmNfSl3m-1" %}

## High school certificates
{% hint style="warning" %}
This use case demo is under development and expected to be released in Q1/2024.
{% endhint %}
